So let's really quickly take a look at the Fleet
Indexing Service and the Jobs Service.
These two different services provide us with completely separate things,
but we're going to briefly take a look at each of them.
The Fleet Indexing service is going to be a managed
service that will allow us to search through the registry
data inside of the Thing Registry,
it's also going to allow us to look at shadow data,
and we'll talk about shadows a little bit later on,
as well as looking at device life-cycle events,
like connections and disconnections.
And it's going to allow us to create dynamic thing groups using the
searches that we can make on all of this index data.
Now in addition to being able to search through all of this data,
it's going to allow us to control what we actually want
to index so that we can search it.
So in this way,
we'll be able to say which specific attributes we want to
be able to search and also what other data we do or don't
want to pay attention to.
Now this is completely separate from the Job service,
which is going to allow us to coordinate device updates using that over
the air device updating that I mentioned earlier.
It's also going to allow us to review the status of over the air
updates so we can keep track of different devices and whether or
not those have been successful.
It's also going to give us built in support to rollback to earlier
versions of software and abort update jobs if they fail.
And we've already discussed the over the air update process previously,
so I won't really dive into the Job service very much now.
And similarly,
I've already discussed the capabilities of the Fleet Indexing service before,
but I just wanted to point out both of these two different terms so that you're aware of them if you see them in the future.